then King Darius issued a decree and a
search was made in the archives where
the treasures were stored in babbling
and at Acme fur in the palace that is in
the province of media a scroll was found
and in it a record was written thus in
the first year of King Cyrus King Cyrus
issued a decree concerning the house of
God at Jerusalem let the house be
rebuilt
the place where they offered sacrifices
and let the foundations of it be firmly
laid its height 60 cubits and its width
60 cubits with three rows of heavy
stones and one row of new timber let the
expenses be paid from the Kings Treasury
also let the gold and silver articles of
the house of God which Nebuchadnezzar
took from the temple which is in
Jerusalem and brought to babylon be
restored and taken back to the temple
which is in jerusalem each to its place
and deposit them in the house of god
now therefore Tatton a governor of the
region beyond the river and sheath
Arbaaz nigh and your companions the
persians who are beyond the river keep
yourselves far from there let the work
of this house of God alone let the
governor of the Jews and the elders of
the Jews build this house of God on its
site moreover I issue a decree as to
what you shall do for the elders of
these Jews for the building of this
house of God let the cost be paid at the
Kings expense from taxes on the region
beyond the river this is to be given
immediately to these men so that they
are not hindered and whatever they need
young bulls Rams and lambs for the burnt
offerings of the God of heaven wheat
salt wine and oil according to the
request of the priests who are in
Jerusalem let it be given them day by
day without fail that they may offer
sacrifices of sweet aroma to the God of
heaven and pray for the life of the king
and his sons also I issue a decree that
whoever alters this edict let a timber
be pulled from his house and erected and
let him be hanged on it and let his
house be made a refuse heap because of
this and may the God who causes his name
to dwell there destroy any king or
people who put their hand to alter it or
to destroy this house of God which is in
Jerusalem IDE Darius issue a decree let
it be done
diligently
[Music]
then Tata and I governor of the region
beyond the river sheath abuzz nigh and
their companions diligently did
according to what King Darius had sent
so the elders of the Jews built and they
prospered through the prophesying of
haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son
of a doe and they built and finished it
according to the commandment of the God
of Israel and according to the command
of Cyrus Darius and artaxerxes king of
Persia now the temple was finished on a
third day of the month of Adar which was
in the sixth year of the reign of King
Darius then the children of Israel the
priests and the Levites and the rest of
the descendents of the captivity
celebrated the dedication of this house
of God with joy and they offered
sacrifices at the dedication of this
house of God one hundred Bulls two
hundred Rams four hundred lambs and as a
sin offering for all Israel twelve male
goats according to the number of the
tribes of Israel they assigned the
priests to their divisions and the
Levites to their divisions over the
service of God in Jerusalem as it is
written in the Book of Moses and the
descendants of the captivity kept the
Passover on the fourteenth day of the
first month for the priests and the
Levites had purified themselves all of
them were ritually clean and they
slaughtered the Passover lambs for all
the descendants of the captivity for
their brethren the priests and for
themselves then the children of Israel
who had returned from the captivity ate
together with all who had separated
themselves from the filth of the nations
of the land in order to seek the Lord
God of Israel and they kept the feast of
unleavened bread seven days with joy for
the Lord made them joyful and turned the
heart of the king of Assyria toward them
to strengthen their hands in the work of
the house of God the God of Israel
you
[Music]